fix(ipfs): typo in CID concept (#2760)
scaleway/docs-content: labs/ipfs-pinning/concepts.mdx

## Content Identifier (CID)

> The content identifier is a string of character that points to a content. The content can be available on the network, or not. The CID is composed from the cryptographic hash of the content. It is used to identify and fetch the content through the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content identifier is a string of characters that points to a content. The content can be available on the network, or not. The CID is composed of the cryptographic hash of the content. It is used to identify and fetch the content through the network.
```
